# About

This is a simple Next.js project that interacts with the GraphQL API of [https://footium.club](https://footium.club). 

It was built in about two hours.

It does two things:

1) Allows you to find a club by its ID
2) Displays club players by club ID with basic sorting and filtering

## Details

This is a standard nextjs template generated by nextjs inseld (from their docs)

In additional i have included there prettier and knip. For small project is overkill, but for bigger projects it is very useful.

```bash
npm run knip
npm run prettier
```

I've also added a Docker Compose setup for local development. It's mostly unnecessary for frontend environments, but very useful for backend work.

It's also a good security practice — how can you be sure what I pushed to the repo? :)

This setup helps isolate the environment and ensures that the code can't access your SSH keys, private keys, etc., and send them to me (which, unfortunately, is pretty common nowadays).

```bash
docker compose up
```

## UI library

I used shadcn-ui. It generats component in you local folder 

Folders from shadcn (generated by shadcn script)

```
src/libs
src/components/ui
components.json
```


## ENV files

My approach that base .env shoud be on repo but it should not contain sensitive data. Mostly like a template to fill variables and default variables

.env.local - local enviroment variables not part of git. This how to override variables on dev machines or maybe on servers (if build will be done non in CI)


## Sorting and filtering

There are two approaches to sorting:
- Sorting loaded data on client (browser). Good one if we have no pagination
- Sorting on server and send sorted data to client

I selected second approach, just to make sure im sending gql in a right order. But on specific case it can be done on client.

## AI usage 

Part of code generated by AI (vscode cline agent) and then reviewed by me. This is a huge speed up for development.


## Pages 
Task was simpe and can be done in one page client only, but there are no need of nextjs at all. To make reason for next js a added tho pages and as well server side data fetching for a second form
